Revising multiple md content (#88)
bcgov/bcdg: docs/use-github-in-bcgov/remove-user-bcgov-github-access.md

# Removing member access from `bcgov` and `bcgov-c`

Removing a member's access should only occur when members don't work for the government anymore or moved to a different role that doesn't need access.

We have two steps to remove access:
1. [Remove their access to team repos](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/organizing-members-into-teams/removing-organization-members-from-a-team). 

2. [Remove membership in `bcgov` and/or `bcgov-c` orgs](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/managing-repository-settings/managing-teams-and-people-with-access-to-your-repository#removing-access-for-a-team-or-person).

## Step 1: Remove access to team repos

A GitHub user can access a team repo via GitHub team membership, or direct repo access. The GitHub help pages below offers guidance on how to complete removal: 

> 1. [removing members from GitHub team(s)](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/managing-repository-settings/managing-teams-and-people-with-access-to-your-repository#removing-access-for-a-team-or-person)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [removing members from GitHub team(s)](https://docs.github.com/en/organizations/organizing-members-into-teams/removing-organization-members-from-a-team)
```
